Prepare fading out faucet-pipeline-images as a -static plugin (#12)
faucet-pipeline/faucet-pipeline.github.io: static.md

your configuration. It is an object that maps file extensions to functions. The
functions are expected to receive a buffer as their only argument, returning
either a buffer or a promise wrapped around a buffer. The resulting buffer is
the compacted version of the provided buffer.

> A common use case is the compaction of images. The following configuration is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common use case is compressing images. The following configuration is
```

Author: Adjusted 👍

> a good starting point (previously available via the `compact: "images"`

Reviewer: "previously" meaning "before v1.2.0"? (v2.0.0?)

Author: I don't know yet, but this will be a breaking change, so probably 2.0.0? 😄 It is deprecated, so people should stop using it. How would you describe that?

Author: > (the equivalent `compact: "images"` shortcut is deprecated, and will be removed in a future version)
?

Reviewer: Yeah, that sounds good - perhaps like this:

````
A common use case is compressing images. The following configuration is a good
starting point:

'''js
…
'''

(the equivalent `compact: "images"` shortcut is deprecated and will be removed in a future version)
```

(no comma 😛 )

Author: Adjusted 👍

shortcut):

```js
module.exports = {
	static: [{
		source: "./src",
		target: "./dist",
		compact: {
			jpg: require("imagemin-mozjpeg")({ quality: 80 }),
			png: require("imagemin-pngquant")(),
			svg: require("imagemin-svgo")()
		}
    }]
};
```

> In order to make this work, you need to install these three NPM packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make this work, you need to install these three npm packages:
```

Author: Adjusted 👍

* `imagemin-mozjpeg`
* `imagemin-pngquant`
* `imagemin-svgo`

> In this example, all SVGs will be compated with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, all SVGs will be compressed with
```
or
```suggestion
In this example, all SVGs will be compacted with
```

Author: Adjusted 👍

[svgo](https://github.com/svg/svgo), all PNGs with
[pngquant](https://github.com/kornelski/pngquant) and all JPGs with
[mozjpeg](https://github.com/mozilla/mozjpeg). All

> [imagemin](https://github.com/imagemin) plugins can be used in that way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[imagemin](https://github.com/imagemin) plugins can be used in similar fashion.
```

Author: Adjusted 👍
